Britt: Marcus, thanks for making time. Before we dive in, just to frame this — I work with small consulting practices, typically founder-led, who are hitting a ceiling on growth. Usually it's not effort, it's infrastructure. Let's see where you are.
Marcus: Yeah, that's exactly it. I've been running Webb Advisory for about six years. We do operational due diligence for PE firms — they bring us in pre-close to validate management teams and ops health. I've got three consultants now plus me, so four people total.
Britt: Good. So you're in that mid-zone where it's not just you anymore, but you're not a firm either. How is new work coming in right now?
Marcus: Almost all referrals. I've got relationships at about eight PE funds. Silverpoint Capital sends the most — probably 40% of our revenue. Then Meridian and Castlegate each send maybe 20%. The rest is miscellaneous. It's been solid but honestly I'm nervous about that concentration.
Britt: That's a real risk. What happens if Silverpoint changes their deal pace or brings that function in-house?
Marcus: We lose almost half our revenue, yeah. That's the thing keeping me up at night. I've been trying to think about how to get in front of more funds, but I don't have a business development person. I do all of it. And between client work and managing the team, there's maybe four to six hours a week I can actually spend on it.
Britt: Walk me through what that BD time looks like. What are you actually doing in those hours?
Marcus: Honestly? I'm writing a lot of emails I should have sent three weeks ago. I'll reach out when I hear something — someone got promoted, a fund closes a new vehicle. But it's reactive. I don't have a system. I've got a spreadsheet with contacts but I haven't updated it properly in over a year. It's basically aspirational at this point.
Britt: What's your current tech stack for this? CRM, anything?
Marcus: I use HubSpot but I'd call it a very expensive spreadsheet at this point. I've got the contacts in there but I'm not running sequences or tracking touchpoints properly. My team uses Notion for project management. We're on Google Workspace. That's basically it.
Britt: Have you ever thought about expanding beyond PE? Boutique investment banks, family offices, that kind of thing?
Marcus: Yes, and that's actually a question I'm wrestling with. My positioning right now is pretty PE-specific — operational due diligence in the context of buyouts. I've had two conversations with growth equity funds and honestly they think differently about management teams, it's a different framework. I'd have to build new methodology. Not sure if the juice is worth the squeeze versus just getting more PE relationships.
Britt: Makes sense. What does a typical engagement look like — scope, duration, price?
Marcus: Usually four to six weeks. We're doing management interviews, document review, sometimes reference calls with industry contacts. The deliverable is a written assessment — red flags, yellow flags, and a recommendation. We price it at twenty-two to thirty-five thousand depending on company size and complexity. Occasionally we get retained post-close for quarterly check-ins but that's probably 20% of clients.
Britt: What's the best outcome you've delivered for a PE client? Something you'd put in a case study.
Marcus: Two years ago, Silverpoint was looking at a manufacturing company in Ohio. The management team looked great on paper — CFO with a big-four background, COO from a public company. We went in and found that the COO had basically been making decisions by committee, nothing got done without full consensus. In a PE-backed environment post-close that would have been a disaster. Silverpoint still did the deal but renegotiated the management incentive structure and brought in an operating partner day one. They called it one of the cleanest first-year integrations they'd had.
Britt: That's a strong story. Have you written that up anywhere?
Marcus: Not really. We have a capabilities deck but the case studies in it are pretty generic. I've been meaning to update it for two years. It's embarrassing.
Britt: Okay. Last question — what would it mean for you to have this problem solved in twelve months?
Marcus: I'd want to have relationships with at least four more PE funds at the point where they're calling me, not me chasing them. I'd want Silverpoint to be maybe 25% instead of 40. And honestly I'd want to feel like I have a system — not just me heroically holding it together. My consultants are good. I want to be building the firm, not just feeding it.
Britt: That's clear. I can work with that. Let me put something together and we'll talk next week.
Marcus: Perfect. Thanks Britt.